---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: "17/08 - 19/08/2022"
subtitle: ""
summary: "Trainee diary"
authors: [Xavier Jeiziner]
tags: [PiBS]
categories: []
date: 2022-08-19
lastmod: 2022-08-19
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: Photo by Erwan Hesry on Unsplash
  focal_point: Top
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
---

As a last part of the serverless module I got a hands-on task from Dan. Rafael developed a tool, which extracts the data from our zep-time-management-software into a relational database. This is done using several AWS-lambda-functions. This tool is still running on Rafael's AWS account. My mission now is to migrate this tool to the prod account. The resources needed for this were brought to life using the AWS CDK and were written in typescript.

Via bootstraping, you could push the application to the prod account very quickly. However, I would also like to be able to profit something and learn the handling of the CDK. Therefore I try to reimplement the application in Python.

This week I was mainly occupied with this small project. First I took a closer look at the architecture of the tool to understand how the different components work together. After that, I watched some tutorials on Youtube as an introduction to the CDK. I found that some of these tutorials were very basic compared to what Rafael has done with the tool.

In addition, I informed myself with some employees to eliminate various ambiguities. On Thursday, Dan showed me the output generated by the tool and what he does with the data after.

On Thursday evening I started with the programming of the scripts. Unfortunately, I had to realize that the whole thing is not as simple as I had imagined. The first programming language that could be used in the CDK was Typescript. For this reason the documentation for this programming language is also the best. The CDK documentation for Python is a bit more meager, which made it a bit more difficult for me to get started.

I'll deal with the topic once more next week, and again get back to you here. With that in mind, have a great weekend!

</p><br>
<p></p>
